ALGECIRAS
SAN BERNARDO STATION
Whenever you wanna start. Lucía.
Keep your personal
belongings with you at all times.
Are you ready?
I'm ready.
Okay.
This is a witness statement
from Lucía Melgar.
for the Internal Affairs investigation
on agent Enrique Zárate.
He gets paid.
Every week or two.
Cash. in an envelope.
He uses the information I give him...
…to get money for extorting infiltrators.
Please keep your
personal belongings with you at all times.
Gastón.
It's done.
All passengers. all passengers.
be advised. the 7:45 bus to Madrid
will now depart from the south terminal.
I need to use the bathroom.
I'm gonna hold onto this.
Hurry up.
Paging passenger
Joelle Lee. passenger Joelle Lee.
please report to the information desk
as soon as possible. Thank you.
Are you there?
I'm here.
Give me your hand.
- You hear me okay?
- Yeah.
What's going on?
I did something...
Everything's fine.
But I have to go away for a while.
What'd you do this time. Lucía?
The less you know the better.
No. no. no.
I need to know.
They set me up
with a new job in Barcelona.
What kind of job?
I'll be okay. I promise.
I'm leaving all this behind.
I'm gonna get clean. everything. I swear.
Let's go.
Who is that? What does he want?
Lucía. what's going on?
Come on.
Take this.
Don't lose it.
- What is it?
- A way out.
I'll be in touch.
Let's go!
Coming!
I love you.
- Come on already.
- I'm coming. Jesus.
Lucía?
THE MARKED WOMAN
THREE MONTHS LATER
BARCELONA CARGO PORT TERMINAL
Twelve-hour shift with no food.
I can't work like this. Jules.
UNUT 3.750 CONTAINERS
ORIGIN: MAURITANIA
What is it? Julieta.
Aw. shit.
Julieta!
What's your name?
Your name. Do you know it?
Do you know what year it is?
Where are we right now?
A hospital.
I'm gonna show you three images.
I'll ask you to identify them.
And a little bit later I'll ask again.
Just to see
if you can remember what they are.
Ready?
Flower. cup… and keys.
Good.
All we can really say for sure is that…
there's no physical cause
for your amnesia.
Despite the signs of abuse.
which are quite extreme.
the scans don't show any brain damage.
Which is good.
Then…
why can't I remember what happened to me?
Believe it or not.
your mind may actually be protecting you.
It can often be a survival mechanism.
In your case.
brought on by an extreme event.
One that very nearly killed you.
You were lucky
that they found you when they did.
But I… I can't even remember my own name.
Or… anything about myself.
Your brain isn't distinguishing
between the good memories
and the bad ones.
It's locked everything away equally.
To protect you.
The memories are still there.
You just have to open the right door.
Oftentimes.
it can be the one you least expect.
NAME: UNKOWN
Want me to pop it in?
I'm sorry?
Your sandwich.
I can throw it in the toaster.
Oh. no. no. Thanks.
Actually. uh… Yes. Could you?
- Yes. Yeah.
- Mm-hmm.
Thank you.
Anna.
Sorry I'm late.
Hi.
Haven't seen you since…
Not since the funeral.
- Shall we sit?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
- Sure.
Here. I got that.
Thanks.
- This good here?
- Perfect.
I don't wanna keep waiting.
Not anymore.
I feel that what's best for you
is to take some more time.
I don't want more time.
Here you go.
Thanks.
Um. can I get a cortado? Hot.
When you can.
Mm-hmm.
Great. Thanks.
I want an assignment.
Anna. what's the hurry?
Why are you rushing into this?
I need a new case. I need to work.
I'm ready for this.
One hundred percent.
Just don't make me beg here.
I can authorize your return…
- But promise me two things first.
- Anything.
One: You'll continue your therapy.
And two: If there's any problem.
no matter how little…
Thanks.
If there's any problem.
you're not gonna hide it.
How about you start with that?
Have a look.
They found her in a container.
tied up. tortured.
Victim says she doesn't remember a thing.
Are we thinking trafficking?
Right now. we don't know.
Maybe you can start
by gathering information.
anything that might help
the guys from Algeciras.
Huh?
Look. we're booked up. and they traced
the container back to Algeciras.
Morell.
a joint operation
is not what I need right now.
Listen.
At this time.
it's the only option you've got.
Anna.
start small.
This is a witness statement
from Lucía Melgar.
for the Internal Affairs investigation
on agent Enrique Zárate.
He gets paid.
Every week or two.
Cash. in an envelope.
He uses the information I give him…
to get money for extorting infiltrators.
When he comes around…
Those of us who know him. we… uh…
We find an excuse to leave.
If he gets ahold of you…
Why are you doing this to me. Lucía?
Sorry.
He likes to be in control.
He does these things to you.
Zárate!
- Horrible…
- What's up?
- You been smoking here?
- No. man. What?
Cazorla's got something.
Private security picked her up
outside the Port of Barcelona.
called in the locals.
Looks like she was tortured. maybe…
two. three days.
I know what you're thinking.
technically this is
Catalonia jurisdiction.
But they've asked for our support.
since the shipping company
has an office based in Algeciras.
DominoMer.
On our radar already.
part of Zárate's investigation.
Yes. Please reach out to them.
And we need to go to Barcelona.
work with the locals.
Perfect.
- Yeah.
- Not you. you're not going anywhere.
You have Internal Affairs to deal with.
Falcó. Mm?
All right. let's get to work.
You good?
Girl they found in Barcelona…
This is gonna sound nuts.
I think she might know Lucía.
I'm not sure. but…
She could be her sister.
or maybe a friend.
- Big coincidence.
- Mm-hm. Possibly.
Not that I can investigate anyway.
Cazorla is up my ass
with this Internal Affairs shit.
You. uh.
want me to go talk to him with you?
No. Not a word of this to him.
Once you're in Barcelona.
just keep me posted on everything.
This is such horse shit.
You should be the one going.
You've earned it.
I'm gonna go talk to him. Okay?
- And you're gonna tell him what?
- I'll handle it.
- You're on the case.
- You seem surprised.
- Want coffee?
- I quit.
How've you been?
Ripoll. I'm glad you're back. really.
but isn't it a little soon?
- Did you go in there yet?
- No. course not.
Good afternoon.
I'm Sargent Ripoll.
I'm with the police.
I'm here investigating your case.
This is Enric. my partner.
Enric Fuentes.
Corporal with the regional unit.
Anna's my Sergeant. she's in charge.
- You drink coffee?
- No. thanks.
You still have no memory?
Um…
No.
It's blank. it's just all gone.
Do you know anything?
We're working on it.
There's nothing matching your description.
but we've put out a bulletin to Interpol.
So you don't know anything.
No.
But I do have some photos here
that I was hoping
maybe you can help us with.
DominoMer.
It's a company in Algeciras
that supplies shipping containers.
Like the one
that security guard found you in.
This morning. when the police arrived.
it had been stripped.
And what else?
We couldn't find a record
of the container.
Seems nobody knows how it got here.
or whether you were inside
when it arrived.
We do know your fingerprints
aren't in the system.
so no record. no legal history.
And the drugs they found
in your blood stream at intake.
labs were conclusive.
It was a cocktail.
often used in cases of date rape.
No evidence of that.
the doctors didn't find any signs of it.
Still doesn't rule out
that this might be trafficking.
I feel so scared.
And not just because
I don't know who I am. I…
I look inside. and…
there's just terror.
Thanks.
What do you think?
Do you believe her?
I'm gonna take the stairs.
Right.
Now. on this map.
you can see that it's up around a mile.
in terms of altitude.
Topographically. that's what's known
as an ultra-prominent peak.
And that's right around the height
used by geographers. actually.
to define what does
and does not constitute…
NEW RECORDING
SEALED
- A cell tower?
- Yeah.
I'd like to pull a list of all the numbers
that connected to it that day.
That's thousands of phones.
I'd think so.
One of them could belong
to her captor. right?
Sure.
But we don't have the resources for that.
I have time for it.
Anna. look. you're working too hard.
If I see you pushing yourself…
- Then you're out.
- Understood.
It won't be a problem.
Okay.
Welcome back. then.
Thanks a lot.
It's just… Do you think it's normal
that we don't have security
at the hospital to watch her?
She's safe where she is and. frankly.
we don't have the manpower for that.
How safe?
What did we say about pushing?
Morell. put someone at the hospital.
please. for God's sake.
Morning.
Here to take you to radiology.
You been good?
Sure. Never better.
NAME: ALICIA GARONE
The girl's under surveillance.
Listen.
I'm reassigning you.
Bringing on Laura Sans.
I let you on this case
because nobody wanted it.
But now I realize
you're just not there yet.
Can I ask what you were doing
when my victim. who had no guard.
was attacked by a hitman?
- Come with me for a coffee.
- No.
If you'd just put somebody there
like I asked.
we'd be questioning him right now.
His body's on you.
Now. are we clear?
"Alicia Garone."
Now we know your name…
Uh… What? How?
Got it off the man who attacked you.
Did you recognize him?
He was an inmate
serving time in Lledoners.
He was on parole
and he was hired to find you.
What happens to me now?
Don't blame yourself.
You acted in self-defense.
But it does worry me how much trouble
someone is going through just to find you.
Can you tell me something about that?
So you think I know.
There is now a guard outside.
Someone'll bring you clothes.
Tomorrow we're going to take you
somewhere safer.
FULL NAME: GABRIEL POPESCU
PRIORS: NONE
ARRESTS: NONE
PRIORS: 5
ARRESTS: 3
What are you talking about. man?
The lab send you those results?
What results?
The cigarette that was outside.
right by the container.
- Yeah. it's in their roster.
- Their roster?
- Could be weeks before we see it.
- So?
So. I need you to put that through again.
but as a priority request.
Yeah but. technically priority requests
are reserved for homicide.
And you make those calls?
Tell the lab to mark it priority.
- Appreciate that.
- Mm-hmm.
Hey. so. the report
on that cigarette butt…
Yeah. I need it now.
DELETE
DELETING…
I NEED YOU TO COME. ANNA.
I CAN'T TAKE THIS ANYMORE. PLEASE.
I GOT HELD UP. ON MY WAY.
UNPLAYED MESSAGE
Who are you to tell me I can't go in?
I'm working the fucking case.
I need five minutes with her.
Here she comes.
You’re obstructing me.
I have my orders. Nobody goes in.
This guy. busting my balls.
Roger. who is he?
- Morning. Nil.
- Morning.
Showed his ID. he's not on the list.
- Are you Ripoll?
- Yes. And you?
UCRIF. Algeciras.
These fine gentlemen here won't let me in.
Your name that's on file?
Quique Zárate.
But you're not the one
they listed on the paperwork.
Does it matter?
I'm gonna need to see your badge first.
Okay…
See how easy that is?
Okay. Thanks.
One second while I take a photo.
Why do you need a picture? What is this?
Are you the owner of the car with a Cádiz
license plate that's parked downstairs?
That's mine.
You parked in a disabled spot.
Why don't we get to work?
She's leaving this clinic.
I'll confirm your identity
with my supervisor.
and you'll be able
to speak with her after that.
You do that.
Where am I going?
After what happened.
we need to move you somewhere more secure.
Where?
It's not secure if I tell you that.
You can rest there.
Should we start?
Alicia. this is Enrique Zárate.
He's from a Police unit
that investigates human trafficking.
Alicia. Hi.
No record of her ID in the local database.
Did you pull anything
more useful from Algeciras?
Owner of a gym told me
she signed up a couple of months ago.
Apparently she was determined.
Trained like crazy in hand-to-hand combat.
- I don't know anything about that.
- Hmm.
If there's something you're hiding.
Alicia…
sooner or later you'll slip up.
You know that.
Anything we can use?
There was an address
attached to Alicia Garone's
gym membership. presumably your place.
I skipped past the paperwork
to get us a video of it.
So now none of that
is admissible as evidence.
Relax.
If we want it to hold up in court.
we need a warrant.
You don't say.
See if this jogs your memory.
Except for that gym bag.
there were no personal items.
Not even a fucking toothbrush.
Only thing I found was this wig.
It's gotta be yours. Hmm?
I'd say you were hiding from someone.
Or hiding something.
If they'd found what they were after.
they wouldn't have attacked her.
Or maybe they did.
and wanted to finish her off.
Either that.
or whatever they were looking for.
you still have it hidden.
Whatever the case.
it's clear you have something
very valuable
they don't want you to share.
I don't know what it is.
Any leads on how they tracked her down?
We're still waiting on a court order.
That'll give us the hitman's phone logs
and a list of visitations in prison.
So. I take it you're not screwing
any prison guards. huh. kid?
All I'm saying is
it's easier to get that list
if you get someone on the inside
to take a photo of his logs.
rather than wait for a judge.
Jesus Christ.
Just sayin'.
Three. six. four. two. one…
You sure you know where you're going?
You're not the only one
who knows Barcelona. kid.
Got a luxury hotel lined up.
Why do you still have to hide me?
Because we probably have a mole.
For now.
we can't trust our usual safe houses.
Wait here. One sec.
- What's up. Hassan?
- Hey.
- Thanks man. Good to see you.
- You got it. All right. Later.
Come on.
Let's go.
Boys.
No one'll find us here.
I'll take the double room with her.
and you can take a load off. Ripoll.
Here. crack one.
You first.
Asshole…
Sweet dreams.
I'll get us some water.
Six. one. one. three. zero. six…
nine. seven. four. six.
three. eight. eight. nine…
UNPLAYED MESSAGE
Hey. Berta…
Didn't you have a sort of fling
with one of the guys
who worked at Lledoners prison?
Hey there…
Clara.
Where's Lucía?
Relax.
I just need to know where is Lucía.
Don't play with me sweetheart. hm?
Where the hell is Lucía?
Grab her!
Hey! Hey. stop her! Grab her!
Don't move.
Not one inch closer.
I'm trying to stop her from escaping.
I don't know any Lucía.
Who's Lucía?
Zárate.
start talking. or I call Algeciras.
Give me your pistol.
Now sit.
- Unbelievable.
- You sit right there.
Now. who is Lucía?
Lucía Melgar…
is someone who's trying to ruin my name.
And that's her sister.
Take a look at this email.
It's the rental contract for the apartment
in Algeciras. the ransacked one.
See the name of the tenant?
You're not getting anywhere near this gun.
What does it say? You read it.
What's that say?
Clara Melgar… Melgar.
Her name's not Alicia Garone.
It's Clara Melgar.
- Oh. shit.
- So we're dealing with Clara Melgar.
She had to use her real name on the lease.
Look. here's her ID.
I need to know what she knows about Lucía.
Her sister.
Cash. in an envelope.
He uses the information I give him
to get money for extorting infiltrators.
When he comes around…
- Those of us who know him. we…
- God.
You gonna tell me
you don't recognize your own sister?
Hey!
Don't you ever touch me again.
You piece of shit.
And you…
You didn't stop it at all in there.
You gave me
zero protection in the hospital.
leave me all alone with this…
pervert.
She's right. Expect for the pervert thing.
Get up and move to the bathroom.
Sit right there.
Give me your hands.
Sit down.
Why did they send you in here.
and not the man in the file?
They let me come instead
to find Lucía Melgar.
My last lead on her pointed to Barcelona.
- And how is it that you know this Lucía?
- She was an informant.
My best CI.
And?
What happened? She went cold?
No one's seen her.
So how long has Lucía been missing?
A few months now.
And she helps you with what?
A human trafficking network in Algeciras.
Lucía gives us intel 'cause…
she works for them.
She's one of their girls.
So you've been hiding
all of this information
from our department since you got here.
It's my intel. Not yours.
But you are being investigated too.
aren't you?
Lucía turned on me.
That's why I came to Barcelona.
To try to find her. Fucking hell…
To find out
who forced her to lie about me.
Lucía told me she and her sister…
On their hands.
they have the same birthmark.
Look it could be a coincidence
for all I know. sure. it's possible.
But when I saw the rental contract.
the lease.
I couldn't help but notice
that their names matched.
What Lucía said is bullshit.
Anyway. what do I give a fuck
what you believe.
But let me just say one thing.
I'll give you whatever help you need.
But she's taking me to her sister.
My gun. kid.
Not yet.
Wonderful.
That's just great.
And next time you talk to her.
it's all three of us in the room.
And don't call me "kid."
Hey…
I'm sorry that your first case back
had to be with me.
Are you there?
Lu…
Give me your hand.
Please.
What'd you do this time. Lucía?
Lucía.
How do you know how to escape
from the knots I tied you up in?
I don't know.
Why can't I find you online?
You do understand
that I am the only person. right now.
the only person trying to help you.
Thank you.
LLEDONERS PENITENTIARY CENTER
VISITOR LOG
Enric. need you to run someone.
Ripoll…
What do ya got?
Just got word.
the blue Corolla with Barcelona plates?
Registered to Manuel Rojas.
We have to grab a sample.
and match his DNA to the cigarette.
- Does he have a glass?
- Um. no. he's not drinking.
Not only did he pay
the hitman a visit in prison.
but I just confirmed his phone
pinged the tower at the airport.
All right. please keep me updated
with his whereabouts.
Copy that.
I'm leaving this with you
in case you need to reach me.
You're leaving me here?
Stay in the car. Lock the doors. please.
Go.
Yep.
Hang on.
He got a phone call. he's moving.
- Yeah. yeah. I got it.
- Stay on him.
He's heading for the exit.
Just take it easy. I hear ya.
Uh… He's smoking by the door.
if I go out now he might see me.
Let's make sure to get that cigarette.
That's what he said.
Nah. No.
THE GUY ON THE PHONE. SMOKING BY THE DOOR.
DO YOU RECOGNIZE HIM?
MAYBE
I'm telling you. I'll take care of it.
Crossing the street.
That's just how it goes.
sometimes these things happen.
Enric. I need you at the car right now.
Copy that. on my way.
Okay. I'm outside.
Oh shit. he's right on top of her.
Listen to me. Gastón. Listen to me. No.
I don't know.
I'll find someone else then.
but you're not giving me
a whole lot to work with here.
No. he didn't.
Shit…
No. The problem is
you're telling me to take care of it.
and then you turn around
and question every single move I make.
Sure doesn't feel that way.
- That's the cost of doing business.
- I'm clear.
- I already have a guy I like.
- Go. go. go.
Okay. I'm on my way.
MY PARTNER IS OUTSIDE. LET HIM IN
Almost there.
Hang on.
- We'll talk.
- He dropped his cigarette.
Perfect.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
Enric…
Yeah?
Your boss. Ripoll…
How long have you two been…
I mean. is she always…
Look. it's just
a very bad time in her life.
Why's that?
Her brother jumped off a balcony.
Recently. At her apartment.
Going for the cigarette. have a bag ready.
- Thanks.
- Yeah.
Get on his tail. quick.
And get that to the lab right away.
What's up?
You've been dodging my calls all morning.
I thought you're the kind of person
who cares about procedure. Ripoll.
You're lucky they put you with me.
anyone else would've reported your ass.
Hey. she tell you her deal?
You're her first case
back from the psychologist.
She didn't tell ya. huh?
You're a real prick.
Juli. fucking finally.
So? Did you get her?
Yeah. she's here now.
I'll put us on video.
Ripoll.
If you talk to me like that
in front of her again. you're dead.
Enric followed Rojas
to the Free Trade Zone.
apparently he went
into an import warehouse he owns.
That's fucking great.
Because I have
a secretary from DominoMer on video.
Should we get to work?
Come on.
There was no official contract.
but it lasted about three months.
Then one day. nobody shows up.
I don't know.
I didn't know anything about…
I don't know anything.
I have someone you might recognize.
Alicia?
Amalia.
Where've you been? What happened to you?
I don't know anything.
For some reason I can't remember.
Uh… we worked together. At DominoMer.
You were the custodian.
Remember?
Well. until. when you stopped coming.
- Stopped coming?
- Yeah.
When was that?
It was a few weeks back.
I know because.
the very next morning one of those…
One of those big bosses…
One of them showed up.
I don't know what he said to the manager.
but whatever it was…
scared the shit out of him.
What big boss. Amalia? Name. title…?
I don't know his title. His name's Gastón.
- Gastón…
- Gastón? Gastón what?
- I… I don't know.
- Gastón.
- Um…
- I don't know.
Hey. there's no Gastón. Not on our list.
You know him?
Our database had nothing.
- Amalia?
- Yeah?
Pretend you had to describe Gastón
to somebody who'd
never met him before. please.
Sure. He's…
Well. he's sort of normal.
He was shorter.
Thin. late 50s.
Blue Corolla…
Dial 2 to reach me.
Just in case.
Stay in the car. kid.
What is this?
Police.
Sit down.
I said. sit your ass down.
Lucía Melgar. Where is she?
I've never heard of any Lucía Melgar.
Never heard of her.
You expect me to believe that?
You just sell flowers?
Look. Manuel.
we already know enough to put you away.
We can prove you were
at the shipping container.
we have your DNA.
ROJAS TRADING LTD.
You abducted and tortured Clara.
and you ordered a kidnapping
through an inmate at Lledoners Prison.
You wanna tell us about torture. huh?
Your favorite methods?
If you cooperate with us.
I can offer you protection.
Let me out of here!
Please. anybody!
Please!
Please. just don't leave me here! Please.
Or you can negotiate with the D.A.
Your choice.
Look. I don't know
what you're talking about.
- What about Gastón?
- You don't know a thing about DominoMer?
No fucking clue. all right?
What should we do with you?
Zárate!
That fucking piece of shit!
He's at the door!
Fucking shit…
He's getting away!
Hurry!
Where is he?!
Fucking… Where'd he go?
Motherfucker.
They slashed our tires!
Shit.
Hey.
Yeah.
The UNUT cargo is on shore. but uh…
Gastón says it's burnt.
So we're gonna have to get rid of it.
Yep. Drop in the bucket.
Imagine. after all that…
She just shows up.
All we have to do
is get the code out of her
before we hit open waters. It's that easy.
What's up. Zárate?
Listen. I'm sorry to hear
that they're grounding you.
What?
No. I'm still in Barcelona. Where you at?
Uh… Here. at the airport.
What happened?
They took Clara.
but we have a fix on her location.
Oh. yeah? How so?
Ripoll hid a tracker in her shoe.
Puts her at Port Vell.
Oh. shit.
Good police work.
We're on our way now.
I'll keep you posted.
Okay then. keep me in the loop. Talk soon.
What the…? What's going on in here?
I dunno.
Where the fuck is she?
He's alive.
What the…? Oh. shit…
Gastón. we gotta move. What are you--?
We're too late.
Clara?
Clara? Okay…
Clara. It's okay.
I got you.
What happened?
I thought they were gonna kill me
at the warehouse…
Then I remembered…
They took my sister.
I was trying to find her.
Lucía?
- Do you know where she is?
- No.
- I know that necklace.
- It's Lucía's. I gave it to her.
Gastón has Lucía.
You mean you saw Gastón?
Tell us what happened. Clara.
I didn't see him. but he shot that man.
They want me because of some code.
Jesus.
X-K-9-4-6-1-1-3-6-9…
That's the key to an account that holds
all their money in cryptocurrency.
DominoMer is just a front
for their trafficking network.
And Gastón… It all ties back to him.
I got a job at DominoMer because…
Because I was looking for Lucía.
I wanted something
I could use against Gastón.
And I got it.
Hey. kid. Look at me.
How'd you find the code?
I had to hack into their computer network.
All by yourself. you did this…?
Cybersecurity is my job. It's what I do.
- No shit…
- I. uh…
I updated their account key.
and then I memorized it.
I wanted to trade it to them.
That's how I planned
to get my sister back.
And that's how I ended up locked…
in that container all alone.
Hey. kid.
Did she…?
When she left for Barcelona.
did Lucía tell you anything?
Uh…
She told me she'd done something…
better if I didn't know anything about it.
she said.
There was a job in Barcelona
she talked about.
That's why she reported me.
It's because of Gastón. that motherfucker.
He's the one who brought her to Barcelona.
Told her to file that false report
against me. piece of shit.
Son of a bitch.
Not a word of this to anyone.
If they reported you
to get you out of the way. that means…
It means this goes
a lot deeper than we thought.
Are you okay? We're here to help.
Hey. Falcó.
- What's going on?
- What's up. man. how ya doing?
- Sergeant Ripoll.
- Falcó.
- Finally. we meet.
- Yeah.
Ripoll.
Go.
Cazorla.
- Go ahead. take it.
- Hey. boss.
Zárate. I need you on the first flight.
Your pals from Internal Affairs
are arriving tomorrow.
How many times have I told you?
I don't fly.
I'm gonna have to drive
straight through. now.
If you're not here in time.
I'm in deep shit.
See if you can zoom a little bit closer.
As close as you can get me.
Tomorrow I am going to blow the lid
off this entire Internal Affairs thing.
What the hell is that supposed to mean?
You'll see.
Zára… Zárate!
That Clara?
Do you know… She still…?
Hey. kid. Uh… Listen.
Are you willing
to tell Internal Affairs about…
Lucía. Gastón. DominoMer… The whole story?
Pull cameras in the area.
That's obviously Rojas.
Can we get his face?
This is the only angle we have.
Okay. I'll tell them.
Yeah?
Don't worry about your sister. kid.
We're gonna find her.
You'll see.
Right after the call. they start running.
What do you make of that one?
I don't believe we've met.
I think we spoke on the phone.
- Ah. nice to meet you.
- Falcó. You as well.
- Welcome in.
- Listen. anything I can do for you.
Let's find him
a spare office he can set up in.
Don't worry about me.
- Zárate. don't hesitate to call.
- Oh.
- Travel safe.
- Thank you.
Ripoll. can I borrow you?
Just. uh… One sec.
Hey. kid.
- A moment?
- Okay.
Ripoll. Sorry.
I gotta jet.
And…
Look…
Sorry. ya know.
for being such a pain in the ass.
It's all right.
Yup.
Bye.
Anyway. we make a terrible team. huh?
Right… Bye.
See ya.
We're all impressed with your work here.
I think it's time
that you take some well-earned rest.
The National Police want this case. Anna.
What?
Falcó's already authorized
her transfer to his department.
You can't cut me out.
You don't know this case.
Let me tell you something. we are way.
way past that.
You haven't even been following my orders.
You're insubordinate!
So you're just gonna take this case?!
Since you took this on.
you haven't slept at all.
Anna. you look like someone
who's lost her mind!
Sorry.
I was just thinking about a phone call
I overheard on the yacht.
He mentioned cargo
from something called UNUT.
Said it was burnt.
And that it was… In the. uh…
I think he said "drop in the bucket."
I don't know.
The "UNUT" could be the name
of a merchant vessel.
And the "cargo"…
We need to go.
Ripoll. we don't have the authority
or manpower intercept anything.
especially not a ship.
- Come on.
- Ripoll!
Ripoll!
- Hi. Good evening.
- Could you open for us. please?
Who are you?
Police. We're local--
Um… We're with a national unit
out of Algeciras.
Just a moment.
Can you open the gates?
I just need
to confirm this first with central--
- No. no. no. Really. No need.
- No… No.
This is an undercover operation. so…
National Police. port base. Go ahead.
Hi.
I think it was you. wasn't it?
Do you remember me?
I repeat. National Police.
Barcelona Port Control.
Say your request.
These ships carry thousands
of containers every day.
You mentioned you were looking for UNUT.
Those ones are theirs.
Come on.
Oh. for fuck's sake!
Fuck those assholes!
Hey!
Hey. is anyone in there?
- Hello?
- Hey! Anyone?
Anyone there?
Hey!
We're here to help!
- I need good news.
- I have it.
Rojas's importer was expecting
15 containers from that ship.
They're not in order.
but they should've come off together.
Can you forward that list to Berta?
- Okay.
- Stand by.
- You got it?
- Yeah.
This must be the numbers.
- It's how the containers are registered.
- 6. 5. 4. 7. 3. 2…
Read them off to me. one-by-one.
Are the numbers consecutive?
- No?
- No. No. it's out of order.
ZÁRATE: I'M COMING BACK.
Fuck.
- What's the first one?
- Hey!
Zárate!
What are you doing here. man?
You didn't answer my text.
Where's Ripoll and Clara?
They're after the cargo.
They're looking for it.
I'm covering this now.
just in case that guard
shows up again over here.
I thought you were
on your way to Algeciras.
Come on. let's go.
Is this really a good idea.
with Internal Affairs
breathing down your neck?
I don't give a shit about those assholes.
Well. you should.
Leave this for me to handle.
I'm telling you. Listen.
you could be in a lot of trouble
if you don't show up tomorrow.
I'm done with them.
I don't care what they do to me.
Besides.
Lucía might be here.
And even if she's not. I'm not going
to leave her sister all alone.
You know. she's not your problem.
You ask me. she's been playing
both sides of this thing from the get-go.
And Lucía.
She's a fucking junkie who sold you out
for some shit job in Barcelona.
How the hell do you know
about the job in Barcelona. huh?
Let's just slow down.
Hey. I got it.
I got one!
Berta.
She's right. Look. this one's on the list.
- How 'bout this one?
- That one too.
I don't believe this shit.
- For fuck's sake…
- Zárate. listen to me.
I'm asking you. please. just…
Just hear me out.
Fuck you. Andrés.
What did you do with Lucía?
You were getting way too close.
I had to get you off our back.
I promise you. that report
was the best thing for everyone.
We can end this whole thing tonight.
nobody else has to die.
But I need to return something
that was stolen.
A password that was changed.
Lucía's sister has it.
Tell me about Lucía.
She's not coming back.
So you killed her?
I didn't say that.
I swear. I didn't touch her.
But they are gonna come for me
if I don't get that code for them.
You don't know what they're capable of.
I'm disposable.
Help! Help!
Hey. Ripoll! Ripoll! Listen.
I don't hear anything.
- Hear that? It's voices.
- Please. somebody!
How long have you been involved in this?
I don't know.
Look man. if I don't get that code back…
You want half of my share? Huh?
Help me get through this alive.
and I swear to you. I will disappear.
I have the code.
On my cell phone.
You're fucking with me.
I took a picture of it.
If I give it to you.
you're just gonna kill me.
Why the fuck did you come out here?
I told you. you should go back home.
Okay.
Show me.
First. drop the gun. or else…
we both die.
It's up to you.
You son of a bitch.
You're a fucking rat you know!?
You're a fucking traitor!
What'd you do to her. you piece of shit?
I'm gonna kill you!
Hello?
- We're here to help.
- Please.
You okay?
Gimme your hand. I'm not gonna hurt you.
Don't move. Stay down.
ANDRÉS FALCÓ
NATIONAL POLICE
Gastón…
It's Falcó.
Hold on. Stay still!
Stay with them!
It's okay.
We're gonna get you out of here.
- I promise you. we're not gonna leave you.
- And call it in!
Zárate!
- Zárate.
- Ripoll.
What are you doing here?
Ripoll.
What happened. Zárate?
They killed her.
They killed Lucía.
Who did this to you?
Just breathe.
It's Falcó…
Gastón is Falcó.
Oh. God.
I'm really scared.
Ripoll…
Go get him.
Where is my sister?
- First the code.
- Tell me where she is.
Gimme the code. or I'll kill all of you!
Your sister is dead!
I killed her.
I couldn't have her
running her fucking mouth…
Not anymore.
What did you do to her?
Don't make me do
something I don't wanna do.
Give me the code.
Just kill me.
Why does everyone have to play the hero?
Why must everything
be so fucking complicated?
Give me the stupid fucking code.
I swear to god I'll kill you right here.
Clara!
Put the gun down!
Don't let her kill me!
Anna.
Do you remember when Dad
used to send you to get cigarettes?
And you'd beg me to come with you.
just so you wouldn't have to go alone?
The best sister in the world.
I'll never forget that.
MESSAGE DELETED
EIGHT MONTHS LATER
Morning. Ripoll.
FROM: ALICIA GARONE
NO SUBJECT
PRIVATE NUMBER
Yeah?